---
title: Test
author: Brett J. Gall
date: '2019-07-04'
slug: testpost
categories: [Test.category]
tags:
  - Test.tag
subtitle: 'Test.subtitle'
summary: 'Test.summary'
authors: []
lastmod: '2019-07-04T11:56:37-04:00'
featured: no
image:
  caption: ''
  focal_point: ''
  preview_only: no
projects: []
---

RStudio is a powerful-yet-intuitive IDE for R programmers. While a number of text editors with steep learning curves and direct interaction with command line can offer more power and flexibility, RStudio makes common tasks incredibly easy with minimal investment.

One of the greatest reasons to use RStudio is the ease with which researchers can embrace literate programming to create dynamic documents. Dynamic documents are attractive because they promise reductions in human error and time costs for researchers. Ever wonder how you calculate number or produced a figure in one of your own papers, months or years after you first wrote it? Dynamic documents take care of this: rather than manually copy and paste text, code, and the outputs of code across multiple documents, well-designed dynamic documents automatically update reported results, references, and other quantities of interest because they directly tie the natural language of your documents and your results to the code generating the language and code. Even Stata is [now joining](https://www.stata.com/features/overview/markdown/) the bandwagon of dynamic documents.

RStudio is well-suited for producing dynamic documents with R code from two types of file extensions: .rnw and .rmd. The .rnw files effectively let you write a standard .tex file that directly incorporates the results of your R code. The .rmd files - known as RMar


While dynamic documents are 


While producing dynamic documents requires a slight investment to learn the language 

documents - containing text, code, and code outputs - enable researchers to 

it offers a one-stop shop for data analysis, 

provides easy graphical interfaces to some command line 

While I write up some of my work using 
I use R a lot and prefer relying on the Rstudio IDE  


https://tex.stackexchange.com/questions/429706/rstudio-not-detecting-miktex
